[Music]
we are sharing it at school in
as far as possible you can see the
parties in the library in all
together and at the same time they are working on
the classrooms going through all the areas
curricular because it's a subject that gives
to work a lot especially since
language practices geography
history and know so many places to
they are still unknown
sun as a student
functions in physical education so
I saw it so much marcelo motor that
let's say the curricular part in the part
teaching
carlos segmented in each payment
nice very good companion extremely
responsible for above all things
very good people
as a student as every boy to his
old tried to safar
[Music]
I remember that they were in eighth
to aníbal here at the school that
It worked on a third floor then
what was done, the preceptor was covered
and they got in the round with the kids from
first play the board but that
they did when they had to jog they played
all knees so that the
tutor from above they did not see them
It was very well known but it made
when I was not going to park because
it was raining or something he came with his
companions
even in the Buenos Aires tournaments he
was and well at that time no longer
I could play and was very well known but he
but always he came with us
accompanied in the micro and is always with
us back in fact to school
when he can contribute something he does not contribute
not for nothing to carlitos and calls them the
player of the town that is the
particularity that it has is that which is
a very simple very simple person and
that does not forget its roots
[Music]